SPCTR-3566 Fix: Global - Resolved an issue wherein the template styles for frontend and single post template would not load as intended in FSE themes. (#3660)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

## Changelog ##

### x.x.x ###

> * Fix: Global - Resolved an issue wherein the template styles for frontend and single post template would not load as intended in FSE themes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Global - Resolved an issue wherein the template styles for the front-page and single-post templates would not load as intended in FSE themes.
```

Author: Done
